[KOGITO-5424] Update Knative sections to use the new Add-on (#3820)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/bpmn/chap-kogito-developing-process-services.adoc

== Knative Eventing in {PRODUCT} services

[role="_abstract"]
https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/[Knative Eventing] is a serverless platform that enables you to create event producers and consumers for your applications. Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP POST requests to send and receive events between event producers and consumers. These events conform to the https://github.com/cloudevents/spec[CloudEvents specification], which enables creating, parsing, sending, and receiving events in any programming language.

> {PRODUCT} provides the https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/tree/main/addons/common/knative/eventing[Knative Eventing add-on] that enables you to use Knative Eventing with {PRODUCT} services that consume or publish messages within a Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) process model, Serverless Workflow or Decisions. {PRODUCT} runtime events for messages, processes, tasks, and other application activities are published in https://cloudevents.io/[CloudEvents] format so that they can be consumed efficiently by other entities, such as the Knative Eventing system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{PRODUCT} provides the https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-runtimes/tree/main/addons/common/knative/eventing[Knative Eventing add-on] that enables you to use Knative Eventing with {PRODUCT} services that consume or publish messages within a Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) process model, Serverless Workflow, or decisions. {PRODUCT} runtime events for messages, processes, tasks, and other application activities are published in https://cloudevents.io/[CloudEvents] format so that they can be consumed efficiently by other entities, such as the Knative Eventing system.
```

.Set a unique message node name
image::kogito/bpmn/kogito-knative-set-node-name.png[Image of a message node property name]
--

> . The Knative Eventing Add-on automatically configures your {PRODUCT} service by default with the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. The Knative Eventing add-on automatically configures your {PRODUCT} service by default with the following properties:
```

mp.messaging.outgoing.kogito_outgoing_stream.url=${K_SINK}
----

> NOTE: You can override these properties anytime by adding them to `src/main/resources/application.properties` file in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can override these properties anytime by adding them to the `src/main/resources/application.properties` file in your project.
```

If any of these items are missing, ensure that you have configured all required dependencies, applications properties, and message event name. After all checks are complete, rebuild the project.
. After you configure and test your {PRODUCT} project locally, in your Kubernetes or OpenShift environment, add the following custom resources to prepare your {PRODUCT} project for deployment. These resources enable the {PRODUCT} Operator to generate the required resources for consuming or producing events in a Knative Eventing environment.
+

> If you plan to run the application locally, please take a look at the example https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/tree/stable/process-knative-quickstart-quarkus["Process Knative Quickstart Quarkus"]. You will understand how to configure the enviroment in your local machine using https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/samples/container-source/#create-a-knative-service[Knative Event Display].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to run the application locally, please take a look at the example https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-examples/tree/stable/process-knative-quickstart-quarkus[Process Knative Quickstart Quarkus]. You can configure the environment in your local machine using https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/samples/container-source/#create-a-knative-service[Knative Event Display].
```
